feat(performance): allow to bypass visibilities on 1:n n:m fields (#131)
adfinis/django-generic-api-permissions: README.md

    pass
```

> #### Bypassing visibilities for foreign keys for 1:n and n:m
> DGAP allows you to enforce visibility checks on foreign keys as well. Sometimes, you might want to bypass this, as it's not necessary. For example, if you have a "document" with multiple "versions" as a 1:n relationship, you don't want to filter the versions queryset again, as it conforms to the same rules as the documents (that you 've already filtered)
> 
> To configure this, add the following key to your `settings.py`:
> `GENERIC_PERMISSIONS_BYPASS_VISIBILITIES={"my_app.Document": ["versions"]}`
> 
> Prefix your model name with your app label to prevent collisions.
> 

Reviewer: Reword a bit and improve formatting

```suggestion
#### Bypassing visibilities for foreign keys for 1:n and n:m

DGAP allows you to enforce visibility checks on foreign keys as well. Sometimes, you might want to bypass this, as it's not always necessary. For example, if you have a "document" with multiple "versions" as a 1:n relationship, you don't want to filter the versions queryset again, as it conforms to the same rules as the documents (that you 've already filtered)

To configure this, add the following key to your `settings.py`:

```python
GENERIC_PERMISSIONS_BYPASS_VISIBILITIES = {
    "my_app.Document": ["versions"] # attribute name as defined on the model
}
```

Prefix your model name with your app label to prevent collisions.

```
